[laughs]
Yes!
Time for a good old-fashioned
knuckle-buster!
[grunts]
[chitters]
Sorry.
I don't do old-fashioned.
[grunting]
[Squirrel Girl]
Oh, it's on now!
Don't leave yet.
[grunts]
You haven't even seen
what we can do.
Embiggen!
[yells]
What she said.
[Tippy-Toe chittering]
[angry chitter]
Sorry about the wax, Tips,
but it's time
for Plan M59.
Go!
[chitters]
[thudding footstep]
[grunts]
Lay off the kawaii kaiju!
Did she run off?
Fat chance!
[grunts]
But she might start
running now.
Hey! I'm gonna get you!
[grunts]
Get off my friend!
Squirrel Girl,
what are you doing?
You've gotta give me
some more space.
I can't stay this big forever.
[yells]
[yelling]
[both grunt]
So much for the unbeatable
Squirrel Girl and, uh--
I don't know--
bendy Ms. Marvel?
[chuckles]
Sorry, S.G.
This isn't the epic team-up
I pictured.
Agreed.
But I think it can be
if we just fight anime-style!
Huh.
With excessively
big weapons?
No. By calling out our attacks,
like this.
Rocket kick, now!
Ha-ha!
[both grunt]
Oh, you think you're
the only animal that can climb?
Upside-down striking frenzy!
[yells]
[grunting]
Strike this!
Hey!
[yells]
Good save.
Thanks, Double-M.
[pants]
Now just keep me covered.
[Ms. Marvel]
Gotcha!
Oh, no, you don't!
[grunting]
Ugh! That's just unfair.
Web diversion assist
into web-ball throw!
[grunts]
[huffs]
I'm done with this.
Slingshot, now!
Hi-yaaah!
Flying squirrel!
Huh?
[both grunt]
[grunts]
Of course I get away
from S.H.I.E.L.D.
only to get caught by a pair
of nobodies who aren't even
interested in the truth!
We know the truth.
You were supposed
to be a hero,
and instead,
you took someone's life.
That isn't what happened!
[grunts]
But everyone's so caught up
in dishing out punishment,
they never stopped to ask
if I was actually guilty.
[sighs]
Why would they?
I'm just another stupid kid.
No one cares.
What do you mean?
[grunts]
I mean, I didn't hurt anyone,
let alone him!
For real!
Okay.
Tell your story, Ghosty.
If we believe you,
we'll let you go.
If we don't...
[whistles]
[squirrels chittering]
Well, let's just say
you get to find out
what a pistachio feels like!
Oh, please don't.